- Upon entering the world movement is locked: 
 
JET took a moment, standing still. Taking in the view. 
A very beautiful view indeed! 
JET decided -  just looking at _this_ was worth a couple of XP

- If not clicking the button.

JET was very stubborn and they refused simple instructions,
even when coming from a calm inner voice.
No matter!
Stubbornness can also lead to experience
and so JET discovered that they'd actually started gaining xp all the same.

- Upon gaining 0.5 frustration the first time: 

This standing still, relaxing and becoming smarter by it 
Well it had seemed like a great plan at first. 
But, isn't it a bit dull? JET thought.
They were getting BORED
They needed to explore, get into fights and live before they could gain much more XP.

- Upon fighting

JET thought: this is life! 
Fighting was what they were meant for.
And they could even keep exploring while at it
Gather up many many enemies to have epic battles
That was what they were meant to do.
At least as long as JET kept an eye on their health.

- Upon reaching health station

It was a peculiar contraption hanging down from the ceiling.
But JET was sure that this would heal them up good 
If they just stood under it for a while.

- Upon trying to re-heal

Now JET thought themself very smart,
but it was quite obvious to everyone besides JET 
that the healing station needed time to recharge. 
That it needed JET to visit two other such stations before becoming active again.
Unfortunately JET had not worked that out so far.

- After exploring a bit

Wandering around and feeling the experience accumulating was all good and that,
but JET had a feeling they had forgotten something.
As if they had been given ... A Quest?
And indeed they had.
"Collect four dragons"
Weird, this didn't seem like the place that would have dragons.
But you _DON'T_ question quests.

- After finding a dragon

Oh, not dragons. _Dragons_, the computer! 
Collect four Dragon computers. That makes much more sense!

- Finding first dragon without a quest

JET had no idea why this was important.
They had forgotten all about The Quest.
But what they lacked in memory, 
they made up for in luck.
It would have been much more rewarding 
to have known they were looking for DRAGONS
Only to find it was dragon computers they were looking for
but sometime things don't work out according to plan.
so here we are: Jet found the first out of four dragons.

- Finding first dragon second run

JET found the first dragon again.
Very good of jet to remember this!

- Finding dragon 2

Another dragon in the bag!

- Finding dragon 3

Only one more to go!
JET was doing really good

- Finding dragon 4

Somehow JET had found all four dragons.
Noone had really expected that
So Now what? 
Sure, they were happier with four dragons than with no dragons.
Four is more than one.
But it seemed like
there must have been a purpose to all this collecting...

- Gaining the escape quest

Once again, of course, JET was walking around aimlessly.
Hoping against all hope that _something_ or _someone_ 
would tell them what to do?
So here, JET, listen and try to remember this time.
Dragons are dangerous things. 
We need you to go back to the entrance and dispose of them.
Then cartographers can safely enter and map out the place.

- Death

JET wasn't exactly employee of the month material.
Everyone knew that, JET included,
but this was a new low even for them.
Splattered across the floor kind of low.
BUT
It wasn't like there was anyone else around to do the job,
so JET
You get another chance.

- Awake

JET had already seen this beautiful view, 
had walked the marvelous halls
and so. 
JET felt a bit more experienced 
already from the start.
And they felt in tune with the world.
This time would be different

- Death more

JET really liked the floor.
But JET had a job,
so once more!

- Complete disposal

JET felt really good about destroying dragons
and following instructions
This was life
Nothing wrong with obeying and completing quests, 
not at all

- Awake after dispose

JET had a quest, find and dispose of four dragons
They knew this all very well.
But if they did do that quest, 
they'll just end up back here again
square one

So... there must have been something JET had missed 
while being focused on following instructions.
Perhaps they needed to look inwards, 
see if there was a skill or ability they could unlock
that would get the out of this loop and set them free.

- First fight new day

Ah FIGHTS.
Who doesn't love a good fight?!

- Clicking through

Hello, Wait?
Where did you.. go?
JET what did you DO!?
